# Covid-19
Detection of Covid-19 using CNN with X-ray and CT-scan images
oronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is a newly emerging human infectious disease caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus.Based on the rapid increase in the rate of human infection, the World Health Organization (WHO) has classified the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic. Because no specific drugs or vaccines for COVID-19 are yet available, early diagnosis and detection management are crucial for containing the outbreak.
				In this paper, we propose a rapid, quick and efficient way to detect and identify the Covid-19 patients with deep learning methods. Both X-ray and CT scan images are considered to evaluate and judge the proposed technique. We employ our  Convolutional Neural Network with Transfer Learning (TL) approach for Covid-19 detection and our VGG 16 network model for segmenting the regions infected by Covid-19. The detection model shows around 96% testing accuracy for X-ray and CT scan images. The loss validation is also done. It shows around 0.2%. A novel quantitative analysis strategy is also proposed in this paper to determine whether the patient is affected by Covid-19 or not. The qualitative and quantitative results provide promising results for Covid-19 detection. We plan to improve the model to increase the tenacity of my model with more X-ray scans so that the model is generalizable. Furthermore, We encourage readers to experiment on the model to make it more precise.
	I have done the deployment in Microsoft Azure.
